Python: feat: Add Agent Framework to A2A bridge support (#2403)
microsoft/agent-framework: python/packages/a2a/AGENTS.md

## Main Classes

- **`A2AAgent`** - Client to connect to remote A2A-compliant agents.

> - **`A2AExecutor`** - Bridge to expose local agents via the A2A protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`A2AExecutor`** - Bridge to expose Agent Framework agents via the A2A protocol.
```
